Adding isDeleted property (#600)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/using-the-api/modified-dates.md

- The `sourceModifiedDate` may not be populated and returned as `null` when:

>   - Pulling attachments, balance sheets, company information, or profit & loss reports

Author: attachments do have this property. for the other ones, if they truly don't, let's remove it then

>   - Pulling attachments, balance sheets, company information, or profit & loss reports

Reviewer: balance sheets, company information, and profit & loss don't have sourceModifiedDate.

  - The integration platform does not provide modification date information for a given data type

>   - The record has been deleted from the source platform, but Codat doesn't have a record of when the deletion occurred. Void records may also be identified in the same way if the platform uses soft deletes. 

Reviewer: What are we trying to say here?

Author: well that's another scenario of when the value can be null. if the record was deleted in the accounting platform, but we don't know exactly when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If a record has been deleted from the source platform, Codat doesn't have a record of when the deletion occurred.
  - Platforms that soft delete records can use the `isDeleted` metadata to identify void records.
```
